[Bindings] Update bindings docs to include `direction` metadata (#3648)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/api/bindings_api.md

### Binding direction (optional)

In some scenarios, it would be useful to provide additional information to Dapr to indicate the direction supported by the binding component. 

> Providing the supported binding direction helps the Dapr sidecar avoid the `"wait for the app to become ready"` state, where it waits indefinitely for the application to become available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providing the binding `direction` helps the Dapr sidecar avoid the `"wait for the app to become ready"` state, where it waits indefinitely for the application to become available. This decouples the lifecycle dependency between the Dapr sidecar and the application.
```

You can specify the `direction` field as part of the component's metadata. The valid values for this field are: 
- `"input"`
- `"output"`
- `"input, output"`

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}

> All bindings should include the `direction` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is highly recommended that all bindings should include the `direction` property.
```
